Change code block formatting (#4132)
MicrosoftDocs/windowsserverdocs: WindowsServerDocs/storage/storage-spaces/Cluster-Sets.md

1.    There can be at most only one Infrastructure SOFS cluster role on a Failover Cluster. Infrastructure SOFS role is created by specifying the "**-Infrastructure**" switch parameter to the **Add-ClusterScaleOutFileServerRole** cmdlet.  For example:

    ```PowerShell
    Add-ClusterScaleoutFileServerRole -Name "my_infra_sofs_name" -Infrastructure

>     ```

Reviewer: This code snippet does not render properly in the Rich View mode. I can't see anything wrong with it, so perhaps it has something to do with the code around it.

Author: @skycommand Thank you for your review. I added new commit to fix it.

Reviewer 2: You may want to minimize this conversation by marking it as "Resolved" (if available).

> 2. Once all cluster have been created, use the following commands to create the cluster set master.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Once all the clusters have been created, use the following command to create the cluster set master:
```

    ```PowerShell
    New-ClusterSet -Name CSMASTER -NamespaceRoot SOFS-CLUSTERSET -CimSession SET-CLUSTER
    ```

> 3. To add a Cluster Server to the cluster set, the below would be used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Use the command set below to add a Cluster Server to the cluster set:
```

    ```PowerShell
    Add-ClusterSetMember -ClusterName CLUSTER1 -CimSession CSMASTER -InfraSOFSName SOFS-CLUSTER1
    Add-ClusterSetMember -ClusterName CLUSTER2 -CimSession CSMASTER -InfraSOFSName SOFS-CLUSTER2
    ```

   > [!NOTE]
   > If you are using a static IP Address scheme, you must include *-StaticAddress x.x.x.x* on the **New-ClusterSet** command.

4. Once you have created the cluster set out of cluster members, you can list the nodes set and its properties.  To enumerate all the member clusters in the cluster set:

    ```PowerShell
    Get-ClusterSetMember -CimSession CSMASTER
    ```

5. To enumerate all the member clusters in the cluster set including the management cluster nodes:

    ```PowerShell
    Get-ClusterSet -CimSession CSMASTER | Get-Cluster | Get-ClusterNode
    ```

6. To list all the nodes from the member clusters:

    ```PowerShell
    Get-ClusterSetNode -CimSession CSMASTER
    ```

7. To list all the resource groups across the cluster set:

    ```PowerShell
    Get-ClusterSet -CimSession CSMASTER | Get-Cluster | Get-ClusterGroup 
    ```

> 8. To verify the cluster set creation process created one SMB share (identified as Volume1 or whatever the CSV folder is labeled with the ScopeName being the name of the Infrastructure File Server and the path as both) on the Infrastructure SOFS for each cluster member's CSV volume:

Reviewer 2: This fairly long sentence needs a tiny bit of grammar improvement, both for readability and logical understanding.
```suggestion
8. To verify that the cluster set creation process created one SMB share (identified as Volume1 or whatever the CSV folder is labeled with, the ScopeName being the Infrastructure File Server name and the path as both) on the Infrastructure SOFS for each cluster member's CSV volume:
```
(this is just a minor adjustment, it is likely that this sentence could be improved upon even more)

    ```PowerShell
    Get-SmbShare -CimSession CSMASTER
    ```

> 8. Cluster sets has debug logs that can be collected for review.  Both the cluster set and cluster debug logs can be gathered for all members and the management cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
8. Cluster set debug logs can be collected for review.  Both the cluster set and cluster debug logs can be gathered for all members and the management cluster:
```

- check to ensure there is at least 10% CPU available for the virtual machine

```PowerShell
# Identify the optimal node to create a new virtual machine
$memoryinMB=4096
$vpcount = 1
$targetnode = Get-ClusterSetOptimalNodeForVM -CimSession CSMASTER -VMMemory $memoryinMB -VMVirtualCoreCount $vpcount -VMCpuReservation 10
$secure_string_pwd = convertto-securestring "<password>" -asplaintext -force
$cred = new-object -typename System.Management.Automation.PSCredential ("<domain\account>",$secure_string_pwd)

# Deploy the virtual machine on the optimal node
Invoke-Command -ComputerName $targetnode.name -scriptblock { param([String]$storagepath); New-VM CSVM1 -MemoryStartupBytes 3072MB -path $storagepath -NewVHDPath CSVM.vhdx -NewVHDSizeBytes 4194304 } -ArgumentList @("\\SOFS-CLUSTER1\VOLUME1") -Credential $cred | Out-Null

Start-VM CSVM1 -ComputerName $targetnode.name | Out-Null
Get-VM CSVM1 -ComputerName $targetnode.name | fl State, ComputerName
```

When it completes, you will be given the information about the virtual machine and where it was placed.  In the above example, it would show as:

```
State         : Running
ComputerName  : 1-S2D2
```

> If you were to not have enough memory, cpu, or disk space to add the virtual machine, you will receive the error:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you were to have not enough memory, CPU capacity, or disk space to add the virtual machine, you will receive the following error:
```

```
Get-ClusterSetOptimalNodeForVM : A cluster node is not available for this operation.  
```

> Once the virtual machine has been created, it will be displayed in Hyper-V manager on the specific node specified.  To add it as a cluster set virtual machine and into the cluster, the command is below.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the virtual machine has been created, it will be displayed in Hyper-V manager on the specific node specified.  To add it as a cluster set virtual machine, and add it to the cluster, use the command below:
```

```PowerShell
Register-ClusterSetVM -CimSession CSMASTER -MemberName $targetnode.Member -VMName CSVM1
```

When it completes, the output will be:

```
Id  VMName  State  MemberName  PSComputerName
--  ------  -----  ----------  --------------
1  CSVM1      On  CLUSTER1    CSMASTER
```

> If you have added a cluster with existing virtual machines, the virtual machines will also need to be registered with Cluster sets so register all the virtual machines at once, the command to use is:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have added a cluster with existing virtual machines, the virtual machines will also need to be registered with Cluster sets. To register all those virtual machines at once, the command to use is:
```

```PowerShell
Get-ClusterSetMember -Name CLUSTER3 -CimSession CSMASTER | Register-ClusterSetVM -RegisterAll -CimSession CSMASTER
```

> However, the process is not complete as the path to the virtual machine needs to be added to the cluster set namespace.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, the process is not yet complete, as the path to the virtual machine needs to be added to the cluster set namespace:
```

> So for example, an existing cluster is added and it has pre-configured virtual machines the reside on the local Cluster Shared Volume (CSV), the path for the VHDX would be something similar to "C:\ClusterStorage\Volume1\MYVM\Virtual Hard Disks\MYVM.vhdx.  A storage migration would need to be accomplished as CSV paths are by design local to a single member cluster. Thus, will not be accessible to the virtual machine once they are live migrated across member clusters. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example: An existing cluster is added and it has pre-configured virtual machines which reside on the local Cluster Shared Volume (CSV). The path for the VHDX would be something similar to "C:\ClusterStorage\Volume1\MYVM\Virtual Hard Disks\MYVM.vhdx".  A storage migration would need to be accomplished, as CSV paths are by design local to a single member cluster and will therefore not be accessible to the virtual machine once they are live migrated across member clusters. 
```
(mentally directed to the original text author:) One thing is to have problems writing in a easily readable style. It is something else entirely to explain scenarios in a cryptic way.
